- Symbol table: how do I organize this?
  Some kind of a scoped table with scopeOpen/Close() functions.
  But, the contents of the table should not just go away with scopeClose()
  because they may be needed in a later pass.
  So we may need something like a tree of tables whose structure directly
  mirrors the lexical structure of the source.

  --> VERIFY!!! Can't the decls be just stored in the AST node? What about types?
  It's clear that after the name binding pass, everything should be stored in
  the AST node and directly accessible as the consequence of the binding.

  Maybe a simple solution is to make a global Decl memory arena that stores all
  the declarations, and make the scoped symbol table work with references to
  those stored objects, and bind those references to AST nodes at the name
  binding pass.

- What do I index the symbol table with?
  Name? How do we name types?
  Maybe only store canonical types, and make new Type objects for each
  ref/array types?
  - But then we would waste heap memory unless we store the whole Type object
    in AST nodes.  Small sizeof(Type) would become a requirement.

- What about use of declarations that are declared in other files/modules? We
  need multiple passes for this one.  In this case, *every* identifier can
  potential be a use of a external declaration, and we cannot emit any
  use-before-declaration error in the first pass.

  This can be prevented by mandating explicit syntax for use of external
  declarations, e.g. 'module.variable', similar to what Go does.  Simple 'a'
  can only refer to either (1) local variables/function args, or (2) file-local
  constants.

- We do declaration/name binding and type checking in one pass. These should
  be separated into different passes.
  (??) Declaration and name binding should be in the same pass, because
  otherwise we can't catch use-before-declaration errors in the same scope.
  For example:

         {
             a = 3; // 'a' undeclared
             ...
             var a: int;
         }

  Maybe we can only check the decl table for each variable use, and name bind
  them later in a separate pass. But I'm not sure that's got any advantage.
